Docs - Improve SEO (#99)
iotaledger/IOTA-2.0-Research-Specifications: docs/3.3PeerDiscovery.md

---

> description: This section defines the Peer Discovery protocol used to expose an interface providing a list of all the verified peers, its logic and the different requests and responses exchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This section defines the Peer Discovery protocol that you use to receive a list of verified peers. Here we explain how it works and what kind of requests and responses you could use.
```
